[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Now we have two kinds of
governments in the world.
We got the outer
governments of people
that we know, like a Clinton,
and Bush, and these kind
of guys and Gorbachev who
are out there on the TVs
and appear to be running
everything but which are not.
And underneath this,
there is a group
of people who are, in
essence, really the richest
people in the world who have
been together a long time ago.
And it really goes
all the way back
to Atlantis that have a great
deal of martian blood in them
that can really
control the world
and all that goes
on in the world.
They control the wars,
and when the wars start,
and when the wars end.
They control the phantoms
and the [INAUDIBLE]--
the famines and when they
start and when they end.
You'd be amazed at what
they could actually do
and what they can't do, and
what they have done in the past.
And at this point in
the game, at least,
up until a few years
ago, they really
weren't too concerned about us.
We were just being used
on a lot of levels.
When the secret government
found out about this in 1968
and, probably, had a pretty
good indication even as far back
as 1964, they decided
to make some changes.
Number one, it was determined
from the report and everything
else that, more
than likely, there
wouldn't be a
building left standing
on the planet from this thing.
That whole continents
would go up and down.
That there would be massive
changes under all of this.
And so the secret
government decided
that they couldn't stay on
Earth, that they were going
to get off the earth and
leave because the Earth was
going to be devastated so much.
And so they joined the United
States and Russia together
as one country a long time ago.
They blended a lot of our
money, and information,
and all kinds of things,
and put it all together.
And the race to the moon between
the United States and Russia
was coordinated by them.
It was a race all right.
But it was, in
fact, a real race.
They needed the moon very bad
to do what they had to do.
So think about it for a moment.
Once they gained the moon,
were six trips from the United
States in the late 60s.
I think the last one was '72
or '71 or something like that.
I really need to get those
dates clear in my mind.
But there was six of them
altogether from the United
States.
And then, after the last
one, once we got there
and we established everything
like that, total silence.
We don't even talk
about the moon anymore.
Nobody goes there.
Nothing.
There's no moon.
[LAUGHING]
Doesn't exist, you know.
Why?
Why haven't we gone there again?
You think that we've
learned everything
about the moon
there is to learn?
There's another reason why is
because they needed the moon.
If you want to go
deep into space,
if you want to leave the
earth and go somewhere else
with the technology
that we have,
you need to build a space
station or a satellite
out there to bring the materials
up and around like that
to assemble the kinds
of things you need
to go further if
you're going to bring
lots of people and materials.
And why do that when you already
have a satellite up there
called the moon.
And so they needed to get to the
moon to do what they had to do.
So the entire world's
energies and direction
were aimed by the
secret government
toward just getting to the moon.
And then, once they
got there, then
they didn't want
you to know anymore.
We made six trips.
But Russia made 2,000 trips.
2,000 trips, a little different.
And what they did was they
went around the backside
of the moon.
So we can't see them
because the backside stays
hidden to us all the time.
And they built three major
installations back there.
One of which was a
great catastrophe
because it collapsed and
killed a lot of people.
And to assemble all the
things that were needed
for them leaving the earth.
And then, from there
once they got everything
in place everything
and everything
they needed to know-- so
while they were doing this,
they didn't want your
attention on the moon.
That's why they got your
attention away [INAUDIBLE]
other places though.
They did, however, make a
very important trip to Mars,
which we saw the face
on Mars, and mapped
every square inch of Mars.
They mapped the whole thing
except for the two Poles.
They mapped it all out.
They wanted a whole thing of it.
That was real important, too.
And then, once they got all this
together, they went to Mars.
That's where they
decided to go to,
which is only appropriate, since
they were Martians, to go back
to where they came from.
And that's the planet
that they chose.
There could have been
other places, I guess.
These wouldn't be very good when
you got a 900 degrees surface.
But Mars could easily
keep human life there.
There's water there.
There's lots of water
under the surfaces.
It's everything that they
need in certain ways.
And so they went to Mars.
And they built complexes there.
Primarily, underground
but not totally.
And they built this whole
thing that took many years.
And by about 19--
I'm really guessing.
I don't know the exact time.
But somewhere in
the 1980s, say 1985.
It's sort of in the middle.
Somewhere around in there.
They completed the structures
and everything they needed.
They built a structure that
would keep, approximately,
10,000 people alive
indefinitely on Mars to make
a total transformation
over to there for as long
as is necessary.
And of course,
who we're bringing
was just themselves, their
families, and their friends.
And once they had the
whole thing set up,
they just sat back and just,
basically, didn't really
care what happened
to us because they
figured we didn't
stand a chance,
from their point of view.
These are the same
people that had,
in the early part
of the century,
very early-- probably about 1910
is my guest-- made connection
with the Greys.
And though the Greys had
been here earlier than that,
the secret government had begin
to make contracts with them
to allow them to
do certain things.
I'm going to take back off on
that what the secret government
do with Grey's in just
a little while so you
can understand all of that.
But that's another story.
I'll continue on
when [INAUDIBLE].
It's another part of all
of this, which is actually
still connected to Mars, too.
So they built all this stuff.
They came back here and said,
well, hope you guys made it.
And there's no way they could
get everybody off the surface,
even if they wanted to anyway.
So there's nothing they
figured they could do.
But they didn't
really care anyway.
And then, about a few years
ago, and I remember the dates
and times in this either,
it's not real important,
but I guess time has really
been going by here now.
I guess it's been-- it
was in the late 80s.
It was not too long after they
completed everything and got
it all finished.
It was a-- I don't
know what it was.
I don't remember.
It as '87, '88, '89.
Somewhere around there.
They became aware of
something that, I'm sure,
shocked them to their bones.
And that was that it
isn't just the earth that
is going through a new
North and South Poles,
but it's all the
planets, including Mars.
All of them.
And so all that work
was for nothing.
Just a waste of time.
Even though they have technology
beyond your imagination,
they are technically incredible
with what they can do
and what they can't do, and
what they're capable of doing,
they still don't
have the ability,
no more than the Greys
do, to leave this place
and go to the next
octave, which appears
to be, by everyone's knowledge,
going to be a necessity.
It's just like if we were
in an airplane that's
about ready to
run out of gas, we
could all see that we're going
to have to land real soon.
Well we're in a situation where
we're about to run out of gas.
Only it's not a real
good explanation.
And we're going to
have to do something.
We're going to have
to make a change.
But the way God has
done it is we're
going to have to do
this all together.
The concepts of polarity,
and good and evil,
and such and the ideas
that you can just
forget about part and
move toward another one
won't work in the dynamics of
the situation that we're in.
And then, become aware of this.
So because of that, they
have tried to rethink things.
And they have tried to
allow certain changes
to occur in the world
that normally would never
be allowed.
For example, it began with the
allowance of the Berlin Wall
to fall down and all
the changes that's
been going on in Russia and all
the incredible, rapid changes
that have been going
on politically.
I mean, you don't realize
how fast things are gonna go.
Maybe you do.
But usually, these kinds of
changes don't happen overnight.
But they didn't
happen overnight only
because the secret
government has allowed
this to happen they've
allowed these changes which
should have been wanting
to be changed in any way
by the people.
So they've allowed the
situation to continue it.
If they could ever
figure out a way
how to leave us behind
and make it through,
they probably would,
still, at this point
though at this point,
they're right back
to where they were when
they first got to Atlantis
and joined with us.
And that is they're
going to have
to learn this feminine side,
which they didn't want to do.
Then, they decided
during Atlantis
that they were never
going to do that again.
None of this allowing the
stuff to happen, you know.
They were going to
control everything.
And they were coming up
to the same conclusion
that Grace can come up with.
It requires both sides.
It requires male
and female to be
able to make this translation.
And intellect alone, the male
side alone, can't do it alone.
And so even though they don't
like it, it's the way it is.
So for a long time
when you go back
and you look at the stuff
that happened when people were
finding out about a
lot of these things--
I can't remember what the
films were that came out.
MJ12 and all that
stuff that came out
and the films that
came out for a while
because what they were
doing for a long time
is purposely going around
and looking for guys like me
and people that were becoming
aware of the situation
and killing them, getting
rid of every one of they
could so that they
could continue
doing what they're doing.
Now it's a total reversal.
I guess I'll quickly
finish the story
about the secret government
and what the Greys have done.
A few years ago,
we sent a satellite
to Mars, which was
probably the one that
brought back the photographs
when the face of Mars came out.
And when it went by,
one of the moons--
there's two moons
going around Mars.
But it went by one of the
moons, and it recorded
photographs of this moon.
This moon was so weird.
It just defies all kinds
of-- I don't know how
it could do what it was doing.
It was just skimming
over the surface of Mars.
Just skimming over the mountain
tops you might say, almost.
Real fast.
It's so low to the
surface that if you
were sitting at the
North Pole of Mars,
you couldn't see the moon.
The moon would be
down below the horizon
going around the planet.
So it's just barely off the
surface going really, really
fast.
And they don't know--
they've calculated
how, you know, according to
its weight and everything
else like that, it's impossible.
The only calculations
they could come up with
is that it was hollow.
This is the only thing
that they could figure out.
And so it's a weird.
It's a weird moon.
But then, they saw some
other weird things on it
when it went by.
And they found
these cuts on lines.
There's like slashes.
This was the moon.
They found these
things all over it.
And they are in a
v-shape from the side.
And I think they're about 120
feet wide and 75 feet deep.
Something like that, and
they run for a long distance
and real straight.
And they're covered with
some kind of, inside the v,
it's some kind of
silvery, substance.
So they don't know
what they are.
They'd never seen
anything like it.
They just falls
into a new category
of a phenomenon [INAUDIBLE].
They sent another
one by recently.
I guess this is in, probably--
I'm guessing here, again--
earlier part of 1980.
Maybe even later.
I'm not sure.
And they took photographs
of the moon again.
The only thing is
that when they looked
at one photograph of
the old one that went by
and the new one
that went by, there
were more of these lines
that weren't there before,
which is, kind of,
impossible by everything
we know because there's no
wind, and there's no water,
and there's no air, and
there's no way for erosion
to take place and
everything else like that.
And there's no
way for them to be
formed that we can conceive of.
And so that sparked the
interest of some people.
So Russia, and
the United States,
and England, and
France, I think--
there might have been some other
countries involved in there--
sent two satellites up
there to check this out.
This was much newer now.
Does anybody know when this was?
It was 1990, maybe, or
something like that.
'89 or '90, somewhere
around there.
[INAUDIBLE]
I'm not sure exactly
when this was.
I need to check my dates again.
And one of the satellites
just disappeared.
Don't know where it is.
It's gone.
Who knows.
And the second one
reached the planet.
And when it got to
the Mars planet,
it only had one video camera.
And the video camera was locked
into the surface of Mars.
And when it came into
the surface of Mars,
it moved in between Mars
and this low flying moon.
I really don't know how many
miles it is between there.
But it can't be a whole lot
considering you can't see it
from the North or South Poles.
So anyway, it moved in
between the middle of it.
And it's next purpose was
to rotate 180 degrees,
lock on the surface
of the moon, move up
to within 100 yards
of the moon, and start
photographing these things
six square inches at a time.
Now considering that they can
pick up the date of a dime
from a satellite
around the planet,
to be 100 yards away from
something is like being there.
So I mean, they could get
really good photographs blown up
full size and just
stamp it on there.
And that was their
intention to look carefully
at what this was.
And probably look in more
ways than just light.
There's other ways to
look, other aspects
of the electromagnetic
spectrum and things to look at.
However, it never got
a chance because as it
was looking down
at the surface--
let me get something here.
Zecharia Sitchin
wrote about this.
But he's not the only one.
There's other people.
I'd like to get these on a
slide, actually, on a drawing.
Two things happened
very quickly.
The first thing is that,
suddenly, something appeared
on the surface of the earth.
And what it was was this.
I don't know if you
can see this or not.
But it looks like a building.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>It's an installation.
>>On the surface
of Mars or Earth?
>>On the surface of Mars.
There's cameras looking
on the surface of mars.
You can see it looks
like building and complex
with a road coming in and this
whole thing sitting directly
below it.
This is on page 81.
And the very next
thing that happened
is, you see this
elliptical shadow?
A 16 mile long elliptical shadow
appears on the surface of Mars.
Something between the sun and
Mars but wasn't in the camera.
This big thing appears,
comes into place, a shadow.
And then, something
comes from whatever.
The thing that was causing
the shadow, probably.
And now we know for sure cause
of what just happened recently,
and knocked out the satellite.
And it was all on
the last six frames.
And this was all
shown in Europe.
And they re-showed it just
recently, I understand.
And they've even showed
the last six frames now.
But for a long time, they
wouldn't let the last six
frames out.
And the military
wouldn't allow them out.
All the military would say is
there's something there's not
supposed to be there.
They've now shown
what's up there.
What I've been told is they
now have released that.
And it shows this 21 mile
long cigar shaped thing,
I think it is, in the sky.
But it's something that
comes over and knocks out
the satellite.
This was the first time
that the outer governments
became absolutely
clear that there really
was life out there.
Before that, they'd
never been able to get
into the aspect of what
the secret government has
been running.
Berry Goldwater has been
trying to get in the blue room.
I think he tried 30
times, which is where
a lot of this secret
planning was done
and was never allowed in.
He was the senator.
So the outer governments knew
about stuff about to the level
that we know about stuff,
or maybe a little bit more.
But I don't think they had any
absolute, definite, hardcore
proof.
And now they did.
And so I guess this goes
back earlier than that
now that I think
about it because when
was Reagan's last year?
>>'88.
>>'88?
>>Yeah, '88.
>>This must have taken
place right before
because Reagan was just in
the last part of this primary.
Remember he made a
statement to Gorbachev?
What would we do if we
were attacked by aliens?
The guy in the papers
kind of laughed about it.
Ha, ha, ha.
What will we do?
Well according to the Russians,
when Gorbachev got back
from that, that was supposed
to be just a little statement
that he passed off
as a joke, Gorbachev
talked about it to the Russians
seriously for two hours.
Seriously discussed it.
What would they do?
And there was other a couple
other times or, at least,
one other time when Reagan
talked about it also.
And what happened is
they knew, for certain,
that there was
somebody out there
and that they were aggressive.
They blew one of our
satellites out of space.
So as far as our
governments was concerned,
we were at war with whoever
this was that was out there.
And they came back,
and the United Nations
came back, and made this
whole document, which was not
what to do if we ever
find ET life or any
of those other kinds of
things or [INAUDIBLE] to do,
how to look for them
or something like that.
I don't know how to put this.
But it was what to do when
the world became aware
that there was E.T life.
What do the world
governments do?
It was already a given
that it had happened.
Now they were
trying to figure out
what to do when the
rest of us find out.
Do they impose martial
law or what happens?
They've worked out every
detail, exactly what they're
going to do when we find out.
And there's even more on the
books in the United Nations
that if any person in
the United States--
and they're not going
to enforce it right now,
but it's there when they have
to-- if anybody is approached
by an E.T they must,
by law, report it
because they know
this is real now,
and so they're thinking
along these lines.
This is why when Richard
Hoagland was trying
to push to see if we can send
another satellite back there
now, which is carefully going
to map the entire surface again
and with cameras that are 50
times clearer than anything
we've ever had before.
So I mean, they can
really get down there
and see what's there.
And those are on their way.
They'll be there in
August of this year.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>And now Richard
Hoagland has been
trying to get them to
give them photographs
of the face on Mars.
And the United
Nations and NASA have
been trying to shut him up.
They don't want us to
have our focus on Mars.
And they refused to give
them or even talk to him.
When he gave his
thing to NASA, they
were not going to
let him in there
because I was just talking to
Keith right before he got that.
Keith Morgan of ABC.
I talked to him.
He called me on the phone,
and we were discussing this.
And the United
Nations was not going
to allow Richard
Hoagland to even present
the information that he
had about the face on Mars
in the United Nations.
And the only reason they
did was because ABC said,
if they didn't, they would.
And so when they
found out that ABC
was going to air
what Richard said,
then the United Nations
agreed, reluctantly,
to let him do that.
But now, they've announced,
and I've got the article here,
that they're going
to allow him to have
the information, this
photograph, of the face
because to shut people up.
And they can ask him to
go back the other way.
But the reason they
don't want to do it
is that's a military mission.
It's a military mission.
It's a reconnaissance mission.
They're going to try to see
what's really out there.
Now while that's going on.
>>I'm confused.
You said [INAUDIBLE].
>>We've got to have a-- or
maybe I can just repeat it.
>>Did you mean--
>>There it is.
>>--invitation to get
to NASA [INAUDIBLE]?
>>There it is.
>>I can't quite understand
what you're saying there
because you mentioned that
it was a military operation,
but the United
Nations didn't want
him to present the material?
>>NASA didn't.
>>NASA.
Oh, I think you
said [INAUDIBLE].
>>The very first
one a long time ago.
NASA didn't want him to talk.
NASA didn't want
him to talk at NASA.
And it was ABC television that
forced that issue to take place
if Keith Morgan is correct.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Huh?
I said United Nations?
Sorry.
So here's-- this is so
transparent what the world is
doing right now.
Let me turn this
on, just a minute.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Just recently about
a year ago or so,
someone announced that there
was going to be a comet.
Oh boy, copy.
There was a comet coming
in called Swift-Tuttle.
Anybody heard of this?
>>No.
>>No?
This comet is supposed to
hit the earth on August
14th in 2126, they think.
>>Swift-Tuttle.
>>That's what they suspect.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well on course,
we're doomed, maybe.
This was first announced in--
I don't know when they did it.
They announced this
about a year ago.
And they have blown
this thing way up.
So this is the actual photograph
of Swift-Tuttle coming in
in a computer
enhanced photograph
October 22nd, I think, 1988.
I mean, 1992, probably.
Or no, maybe '91.
I don't know.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>It's all getting to
be a blur these days.
[LAUGHTER]
>>But anyway, this is the
actual photograph of it.
And so they said this
thing is going to come in
and may hit us in 2146
or whatever it is.
And now they're saying now
they think it will miss.
It's not even gonna
hit us anymore.
They're pretty sure that
it's going to come close,
but it's not gonna hit us.
And then, there's always
articles and things coming up.
The next one came out.
All this press stuff coming out
showing how these comets have
hit all over the earth,
asteroids, and here's
a whole map of them.
All these hits that
happened all over the earth.
And they're telling us
that we're in real trouble.
That we better prepare ourselves
because we're going to get
hit by another comet someday.
And so the governments
of the world
are now-- this is one
of the latest article,
but this is in one of the
science things of time,
I think.
The governments of the
world are now building,
or in the process of building,
a huge complex of missiles
all over the world,
spending a fortune.
The missiles are designed
to blow the comets out
of space when this
mythological comet comes along.
[LAUGHTER]
>>The next one in 2100 and
something years from now.
[LAUGHTER]
>>But they're going to
get prepared right now.
[LAUGHTER]
>>I mean, really, they're
really doing this.
They're going to build this
whole complex of missiles
all over the world aimed
out in all directions.
And these are gonna have atomic
warheads and neutron bombs.
Neutron bombs on them.
Right in there, it
talks all about it
how they've decided
neutron bombs would
be really good for
deflecting these things.
[LAUGHTER]
>>This is just a scam.
I mean, what
they're really doing
is trying to prepare
for war for the best
that they can because they know
that somebody is out there.
And they're scared to death.
>>But I thought
they [INAUDIBLE].
>>No, we're talking about
the outer governments now.
Clinton, these guys.
Not too far removed
from you and me, really.
>>Does Clinton not
really know about-- I
mean, the Bushes
and Clintons know
about the secret government
and all this stuff?
>>I think they have a real
good idea about it, you know.
But I don't know
if they know what
they know on all the levels.
>>And who did all the work
with the secret government
[INAUDIBLE] building
all these facilities?
>>Which facilities?
>>On mars and the moon.
>>Well I don't
know who this was.
Mostly, I think it was
Russia, not the United States.
I think these were
mostly, primarily,
since they were the 2,000 trips
that came up off of Russia
were Russian based.
They couldn't use us.
We're too exposed or
whatever you want to say.
>>There was a video
that came on in London
about all the British scientists
and European scientists that
have disappeared in the
same place [INAUDIBLE].
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Alternative three.
Well that's another
example of what
happened before the
secret government became
aware of the situation
that we're in.
At that time, they
would eliminate
anyone that tried to
expose what was going on.
>>Oh, I thought they were saying
that those people had been
taken up to mars to work there.
>>Yeah, that's what [INAUDIBLE].
>>Oh, all right.
I did see part of that.
I didn't get that.
Is that what they said they did?
The took them up there?
>>[INAUDIBLE] mars.
>>They abducted them?
[LAUGHTER]
>>[INAUDIBLE]
Some of the scientists
agree that there
are others who they abducted.
And they did some kind
of work on their brain
so that they don't
have memory or recall
so they can program them,
reprogram, and then send them
out.
>>Yeah, there was a lot.
They didn't even have to
do those kind of things,
at this point.
They got other things.
But anyway, this is, I think, if
you just look into this deeper,
you'll see this whole
complex of the money, and all
the scientists and everything
else that's going in.
The incredible amount
of energy that's
about to be entered
into this is just to,
uh-- you know, maybe I'm wrong.
But I mean, to spend
the billions of dollars
that we're talking about,
the billions and billions
of dollars, for the
possible comet that's
going to come 150 years into
the future is pretty silly,
I think.
And this is another one.
I realize I didn't get the
whole thing on here, are they.
NASA has also put up
a whole network now.
Powerful radio and
telescope antennas
worldwide when they are
setting up specifically
to listen to see if there's
any aliens out there.
Very, very complex things
specifically looking what's
going on.
UN will decide how to answer.
This is the Palm Beach Post.
But I think they're
talking about certain Alpha
Centauri and certain [INAUDIBLE]
that's something else.
But anyway, they have
a problem right now.
They have a real problem
because, I guess,
this is going to be
real interesting.
I mean, you should follow the
satellite that's going to Mars
and see what happens.
And I'll bet you know anything
that those photographs are
going to be censored.
That we're probably not
going to see anything
that comes back from
there, if it even does
get any photographs.
And the may give Richard his
one photograph of what he wants.
But I bet you're not
going to get anything
like you might expect.
>>Have you seen a
current video of the new
faces they found on mars?
>>No.
>>I just--
>>Who's they?
>>I don't want to
give any names.
>>What I'm saying is how
could they because there
hasn't been any satellites.
>>Well there's-- OK, I just
came from one of those UFO
conferences.
And so avoid going
to one of those.
You can get all the
proof you want for this.
It's just that the energy is
so based on fear and anger.
>>Yeah.
>>There was--
>>Well I don't mean to
put you on the spot.
I'm just saying
there hasn't been
a satellite that's made it
to Mars, that I know of,
for some time.
>>OK.
I will get the information
and then, and get it to you.
>>OK.